Transcript
Gavin McNamara: [00:39] If it isn't. [00:40] Hello, Hello, Hello, Hello.
Jack Espy: [00:46] I absolutely loved your video this morning. [00:49] It was the best video I've ever seen in my whole entire life, dude.
Gavin McNamara: [00:51] You liked it?
Jack Espy: [00:52] I thought it was going to be like maybe 20 seconds of singing, but nope, three and a half minutes of singing.
Gavin McNamara: [00:59] You know, I. [01:00] When I was doing it, I thought it was gonna be 20 seconds, and then I said, you know what? [01:05] F*** it, I'm gonna do the whole thing, you know?
Jack Espy: [01:08] You said, why not us?
Gavin McNamara: [01:10] Yes, I know, dude. [01:12] Oh, why not us?
Jack Espy: [01:15] Why not us? [01:17] How you doing, Chris?
Chris Clark: [01:19] Doing well. [01:20] How's everyone else?
Gavin McNamara: [01:22] Oh, feeling sprightly. [01:25] Good for a Tuesday.
Jack Espy: [01:27] I love to hear it. [01:30] I am good. [01:31] I am good as well. [01:32] I literally. [01:33] Chris, I literally left right after that last call, went all the way down to Palm beach and literally got back right before this call. [01:40] Boom and boom.
Chris Clark: [01:42] How far is that?
Jack Espy: [01:47] It depends on traffic, but the traffic has been terrible for Miami. [01:52] No. [01:53] Jupiter down to West Palm. [01:54] So it's like, usually only like 30 minutes, but it took me like 45 to 50 minutes. [02:00] Dude, if I run out of Miami right now, that would be at 5 o'. [02:03] Clock. [02:03] I wouldn't get there until tomorrow morning.
Gavin McNamara: [02:06] Pretty much did 100%.
Chris Clark: [02:10] Yeah. [02:12] You're doing the trip tomorrow, right?
Jack Espy: [02:15] Yeah, I'm going to Naples, then Naples to Fort Myers, Fort Myers to Tampa, drop off the stuff, and then heading all the way back because it's gonna be. [02:30] That's. [02:31] It's far. [02:32] That's like total hours driving is like 12 plus.
Chris Clark: [02:40] Well, I don't envy you, my friend. [02:44] Yeah, let's. [02:45] Let's dive right in.
Jack Espy: [02:47] Should we dive, Chris, what do you want to do first? [02:49] You want to touch on hive or strive?
Chris Clark: [02:54] Oh, let's. [02:55] Let's do three things on the agenda. [02:58] One is hive. [03:01] We can discuss kind of like a need there on that side. [03:04] And then two is stride. [03:07] Go through some of the feedback on a couple of things I noticed and anything new that you have that you want to update. [03:15] And then we can spend a couple minutes on just how we want to move forward as far as like compensation or keeping you on for another project like the Hive project, what that would entail. [03:28] And maybe we can go from this call with an idea of like what sort of ongoing needs you might have. [03:35] Like wrap up this project for sure and then also like what you have ongoing. [03:39] So yeah, those are great. [03:41] Hi, Hive should be pretty quick if we could just, if you could take a couple notes on. [03:45] On this project. [03:48] We'll just start there. [03:49] Knock that off the list. [03:51] Awesome. [03:51] Awesome. [03:53] So yeah, spirited Hive. [03:54] We would like to add a landing page for to celebrate the holidays. [04:02] So we have a campaign coming out called Hive for the Holidays and we're going to be highlighting this flavor right here, the cranberry lime and honey. [04:11] And it's a vodka based drink. [04:15] Specific ad creative around just kind of a holiday vibe. [04:20] Our theme is make the spirits bright. [04:23] Play on the word spirits. [04:25] Making spirits bright. [04:27] And essentially on this landing page we're going to be celebrating the vodka cranberry flavor and highlighting some cocktail recipes and some different kind of like holiday skits. [04:41] Like really making the spirits bright. [04:43] Like the actual cocktail we're highlighting. [04:46] Right. [04:47] But then also like bringing some comedy to the holiday time. [04:52] So Jack is going to be taking on multiple, multiple different personalities and we're gonna be filming him as like Jack Griswold Funk. [05:02] Your. [05:02] Your old Funkle Jack, like the fun Uncle Jack. [05:06] He's gonna be doing this like I Love lucy take, take 12, you know, kind of skit where she's keeps doing the takes but getting like drunker every take. [05:16] Just like some really cool like holiday making the spirits bright. [05:19] So highlighting this flavor but also highlighting that. [05:21] So there'll be a bunch of pieces of content that we're going to need to live somewhere in longer format and then they'll be cut up and put on social media to be more shareable. [05:30] But this landing page is really going to be celebrating cranberry, the vodka cranberry.
Jack Espy: [05:37] Good. [05:39] I was just going to say real quick one thing that I'm thinking, Gav would be this would be. [05:46] This would kind of turn into kind of like the main place, like a CTA to the page. [05:53] So like here instead of it saying it's five o', clock, we'll say hi for the holidays. [05:57] Better UK and cocktail 100 sweetened with organic wildflower honey. [06:00] We can come up with.
Gavin McNamara: [06:01] What? [06:01] The copy.
Jack Espy: [06:03] But I want this to be very holiday theme right here. [06:06] The rest can kind of stay the same, but this right here to be holiday themed. [06:10] Then this button, instead of it taking you to the, like those three, it'll take you directly to the vodka crayon. [06:21] And then this you, like go balls to the wall on like festive. [06:26] Like I'm Chris. [06:26] I'm thinking like just very red festive, like Christmas tree, Christmas ball.
Gavin McNamara: [06:33] You can get some Christmas lights going on, maybe even wrap some around the can if you want.
Jack Espy: [06:38] Like, I think that'd be super cool. [06:40] And then as you scroll, like, we'll change up this copy to be very holiday themed. [06:45] And then when you scroll, it'll be like, the first video will be like me on making the cocktail, like hive inspired. [06:52] And on the side. [06:52] Chris. [06:53] I'm thinking it could be the. [06:56] The actual cocktail recipe. [06:57] And then I don't. [06:58] Chris, I don't see why we can't add all the other videos on here. [07:02] I mean, depending on when we can get them back and even what if we get them back a little bit later, we can just give them the. [07:07] Gavin, you can just throw them on here.
Chris Clark: [07:08] I'm thinking like a, like, almost like kind of scroll through, like episode. [07:13] Almost like a carousel of videos that you're like, play next video. [07:17] Play next video.
Gavin McNamara: [07:18] Play next video. [07:18] Oh, interesting. [07:20] Yeah.
Chris Clark: [07:22] So you kind of. [07:23] You could you just like spend a lot of time on the page digesting more like comedy and just really giving people like a nice little treat. [07:31] And those would be cut up for social. [07:32] So the longer version can live on that website.
Gavin McNamara: [07:37] Dude, 100 and like, yeah, thinking about from like the mobile experience. [07:41] Right? [07:42] Kind of like you said, with like the swiping and video have like a, like, almost like a. [07:47] It could have like a tick tock or like a social media feed, like, feel. [07:52] So we're going through it and maybe it's the different iterations of Jack, you know, and. [07:59] And celebrating the flavor. [08:01] And I, I'm. [08:02] I'm assuming you're doing Jack Frost or we're not doing a Jack Frost.
Jack Espy: [08:08] That's an amazing idea. [08:09] I didn't think about that. [08:12] Chris. [08:12] We might add that in as one of the. [08:14] We might need to add that in as one of the things. [08:17] One other idea that I just had was while looking at all these comments, which is awesome. [08:23] Maybe Gav. [08:24] For like November, December, we archive all of these and keep these and obviously put them back online January 1st. [08:31] But what could be kind of clever, Chris, is if we came up with fake ones, like the Grinch. [08:37] Oh, my gosh.
Gavin McNamara: [08:38] This is the best thing.
Jack Espy: [08:40] Santa Claus. [08:40] My elves keep drinking these, like. [08:43] Like, all, like. [08:45] That would be so good to come up with, like, fake ones.
Chris Clark: [08:50] Yeah. [08:50] Or the Grinch is, like, a one star, and it was like, yeah, I drank too many.
Jack Espy: [08:56] Yeah, I drank too many. [08:59] That's good.
Gavin McNamara: [09:00] Absolutely. [09:03] And we could. [09:03] There's a lot of things we could play around with there. [09:05] Right? [09:06] Like that, Like, I actually like that a lot with kind of like having some of the characters for from around Christmas. [09:12] But, like, we could have it so it sits like this on the page or, you know, Jack. [09:17] You know, like, we've, like we always do and, you know, you know, down and dirty in real time. [09:23] We could figure out how we want it to show. [09:26] Yeah. [09:26] You know, some animations, carousel, whatever it is.
Jack Espy: [09:31] Yeah, we could. [09:31] We could find some time next week or the following week. [09:34] Gavin. [09:34] Because the only thing I guess on this is we would need to. [09:40] I don't know what your schedule is like, but this one does have, like, a time crunch because we're shooting Tuesday, Wednesday. [09:49] We'll have all the content hopefully by Friday, Friday or Saturday. [09:53] To put it. [09:54] We want it to go live November 1st.
Gavin McNamara: [09:57] Got it. [09:57] Okay. [09:58] So in, like, just about 10 days. [10:02] Yeah. [10:02] Okay. [10:04] Well, knowing that now is definitely good because I could plan for it. [10:08] So, like, I. [10:10] I have a couple of. [10:12] I have like, two projects besides this one that I'm doing, and I can, like, I can say that we can get it in before November 1st for sure.
Jack Espy: [10:25] You're a wizard.
Gavin McNamara: [10:26] I'll try, man. [10:27] You know, it's. [10:29] I got you, man. [10:30] Like, always.
Jack Espy: [10:33] Always. [10:35] Well, that's kind of everything on our end for the Hive page. [10:41] And then. [10:42] Is there anything else you want to cover on that, Chris?
Chris Clark: [10:45] No, It's a really cool project. [10:47] We're really excited about it. [10:48] I think it's. [10:49] There nothing we've ever done before. [10:51] It's be really fun, I think.
Gavin McNamara: [10:54] Super fun, super creative. [10:55] And, like, I think that it's going to be very captivating for people and, like, it's something that not a lot of other companies would do. [11:05] Right. [11:05] So it's definitely going to have you guys stand out, which is always a win.
Jack Espy: [11:10] So.
Chris Clark: [11:11] Yeah. [11:12] Yeah. [11:12] Most alcohol beverages, especially in the RTD space, show a little bit of, like, a slowdown during the holidays where people go more to, like, traditional cocktails. [11:22] So this gives us something like celebrate and talk about and keep our fans engaged during the holidays and something we. [11:28] We want to build on for next year. [11:30] So this is kind of like our first go at it, but.
Gavin McNamara: [11:34] Yeah, yeah, absolutely, man. [11:36] Sweet.
Chris Clark: [11:39] So that's. [11:39] That's a project. [11:40] You have the timeline pretty quick, and then what I'll do is I'll share the creative with you so you can kind of see a little bit of what else we have going. [11:51] Let me just see if I can pull this up just to give you a little taste of, let's see. [12:03] My screen's not going to let me shrink it too much, but there. [12:13] This is the kind of fun, festive direction we're headed.
Gavin McNamara: [12:18] Just to give you an idea, is the, like, the font and the, like, kind of like the design, like, the feel that you guys like, looks good. [12:30] I just want to make sure that it, you know, it aligns with what you guys want or, you know, as always, Jack, we can always take a few different stabs at it. [12:40] So we can just say, all right, like, go with A, B or C and then move forward from there. [12:45] But this makes sense.
Jack Espy: [12:47] Yeah, I definitely want to get like an A or a B in there just to see, like, maybe we could have this kind of vibe, you know, which is kind of a little bit more old school. [12:56] Like, kind of gives me 50s vibe, which I think is cool. [12:59] And then also would love to do, like, you know, kind of like Grinch vibe, you know, vibe.
Gavin McNamara: [13:09] H*** yeah. [13:10] Are we talking old school Grinch or are we talking Jim Carrey?
Jack Espy: [13:17] Let me see.
Gavin McNamara: [13:18] Maybe that's where A, B and C can come in.
Jack Espy: [13:20] Yeah, maybe. [13:21] Yeah, exactly. [13:23] I'm thinking. [13:25] I'm thinking Jim Carrey. [13:26] Definitely not the newest Grinch, that's for sure.
Gavin McNamara: [13:29] No, I wouldn't even consider that the Grinch, I'll be honest.
Jack Espy: [13:33] But yeah, I'm trying to look and see. [13:38] Well, yeah, maybe take a couple stabs at it.
Gavin McNamara: [13:40] Yeah, dude, absolutely. [13:42] This is. [13:43] This one's gonna be fun. [13:44] So I. [13:45] I appreciate you guys check choosing me to. [13:49] To take this one on.
Jack Espy: [13:50] Well, dude, you killed it with the. [13:52] The Strive site, so I appreciate it.
Gavin McNamara: [13:54] Still. [13:55] Still more to do, but, you know, it's. [13:58] It's getting there.
Jack Espy: [13:59] Yeah, I guess we can make that transition now if you want, Chris.
Chris Clark: [14:03] Yeah, let's do it. [14:05] Anything new that you wanted to highlight before we dive in, Gavin? [14:10] Or. [14:11] Or you kind of left it in a good spot since we last chatted.
Gavin McNamara: [14:14] Yeah. [14:14] So I made up, like, a couple minor updates based off of our. [14:19] Our chat. [14:21] I believe it was mostly around, like, the wording in particular areas, but, like, the big change that we wanted to do on the homepage, which was, you know, kind of tell the story of. [14:33] I'll look at my notes on the fly. [14:35] But there was one section that we're going to change from, like, the sodium, potassium, and magnesium to more of, like, soda first, then hydration, and, you know, then go, like, have a transition from there into the science page that I still need to do. [14:53] And then obviously the 3D can still need to get done. [14:58] But yeah, like, we got the social media, you know? [15:03] The iPhone in the bottom, by the way.
Jack Espy: [15:06] Like it. [15:07] Yeah.
Gavin McNamara: [15:08] Awesome. [15:09] Yeah. [15:09] Made sure all of the. [15:10] The links worked properly in. [15:12] In Shopify, so can always switch them out. [15:15] We can add them, which is great. [15:18] So if you guys ended up having, like, I don't know if you have Twitter, but, like, if you had like a Twitter whatever, like, it automatically will fill those. [15:27] Those spots, then let me think. [15:32] The one thing I wanted your guys's feedback on, though. [15:34] So for that bottom section, right. [15:37] So the footer got the iPhone. [15:41] And I think it looks really sick on desktop, but for mobile, we can always make it responsive. [15:49] So it just shows maybe the, you know, the icons rather than the entire mobile, you know, design. [15:56] Totally up to you guys. [15:57] But I just wanted to toss it out there.
Jack Espy: [16:02] Yeah, whatever you guys think. [16:03] I mean, I think it looks. [16:06] I'm just trying to go into mobile. [16:11] I mean, I think it looks cool the way it is.
Gavin McNamara: [16:14] I like it too. [16:16] You know, sometimes I, you know, I. [16:19] I have a bold, Bold way of, you know, I think is, like, different and creative, but, like, again, like, if there was, like, all right, it's a little too, you know, too different. [16:30] You know, I totally get it.
Jack Espy: [16:32] And then one thing that I'm seeing, Gav, is.
Gavin McNamara: [16:35] Yep.
Jack Espy: [16:37] Hold on, let me share my screen real quick to see this. [16:49] It won't let me go to the top.
Gavin McNamara: [16:53] Oh, weird. [16:54] Okay.
Jack Espy: [16:55] Yeah, because I was wondering. [16:57] I was like, wait, hold on. [16:58] Why is the peach so short? [16:59] You know, that's.
Gavin McNamara: [17:02] That's something that should be an easy fix. [17:08] Be something with the. [17:10] I broke everything up into sections, so it's like really, like, componentized so you can, like, move things around. [17:18] So it should be just like, literally a flip of a switch. [17:21] But I can get on that asap, obviously. [17:25] And then the reviews, we want to get done, too.
Jack Espy: [17:28] Cool. [17:29] Yeah, those two, definitely. [17:31] And then, yeah, I guess I'll hand it on over to Chris to run through anything else.
Gavin McNamara: [17:43] And, you know, Chris, I remember, you know, there's a few things we touched upon from our last call, but, like, all the things that we discussed, like, I literally have, like, everything written out, like, top to bottom in priority. [17:56] I could send over to you guys, but what still needs to get done. [18:00] But a couple of things that pop to mind as well is like, the. [18:03] About us. [18:04] Page. [18:04] Right. [18:05] And I think that there was some more content that you guys were getting. [18:09] So anything that we want to swap out, like, the AI stuff, I could swap in with the new content once you guys have it.
Jack Espy: [18:18] Yeah, I mean, definitely, like, about us, like, we strive together. [18:21] Like, I think adding photos in there. [18:23] And then once Chris, you over the updated images, we could add those in, too. [18:31] That would be great. [18:31] And then the science page is looking good. [18:37] But I think, yeah, we do need to add in that piece, Gavin, that we discussed, which is like. [18:45] Oh, wait, never mind. [18:46] You already have it in there. [18:49] Oh, which piece was it? [18:51] It was going to be, like, the 75 of adults, blah, blah, blah.
Gavin McNamara: [18:54] Oh, yeah.
Jack Espy: [18:55] Most people walk around slightly dehydrated throughout the day without realizing it, even before workout or one day.
Gavin McNamara: [19:02] And, you know, I. [19:03] I apologize for not having my notes in front of me because, like, everything we're talking about, like, I'm remembering piece by piece. [19:09] But I swear, like, I have it all written down with the 75 section. [19:16] Chris. [19:16] I remember you and me talking about on the right side of that section having, like. [19:20] And this is why you go with, you know, strive.
Jack Espy: [19:24] Yeah, yeah.
Gavin McNamara: [19:25] It's just like a very. [19:26] It's like, like, holy, 75 of people are dehydrated. [19:31] And then you got your, like, solution right there.
Jack Espy: [19:35] Exactly. [19:36] Yeah. [19:36] And then I know that we talked about and you got your notes, but, like, the why, honey? [19:40] Making that look a little bit sexier.
Gavin McNamara: [19:42] 100.
Jack Espy: [19:44] Yeah. [19:45] But, yeah, Chris, I'll leave it up. [19:47] I'll let you touch on anything you want to talk on right now. [19:52] Yeah. [19:52] And I'll be right back, guys. [19:54] Sorry, give me one second, you guys.
Chris Clark: [19:58] Yep. [19:59] I think there's a couple, like, responsiveness things that I think are still a little buggy. [20:07] The one Jack pointed out is the biggest one on the product. [20:11] The not being able to scroll all the way up. [20:13] I don't. [20:14] I don't know why that is, but. [20:17] And then on the home page there on some. [20:22] Some dimensions, like, maybe it's because the video size is the way it is, but. [20:30] So if I'm on desktop shrink this way, like, scrunches, the video leaves a big white space above it.
Gavin McNamara: [20:36] Oh, that's. [20:37] It's still doing that. [20:38] Okay. [20:38] I thought I'd fix that. [20:41] The what is fix things that can be fixed for sure.
Chris Clark: [20:44] What is fixed is the meat. [20:47] The copy on the home, like the copy on the header is. [20:52] Is cropped better now.
Gavin McNamara: [20:54] Okay, good. [20:55] That was the one thing that I was making sure of after our call. [21:01] But what ended up happening was a repercussion is. [21:05] Moving down the meat on the header, it somehow created that white space in specific sizing. [21:15] Luckily, it's not on mobile and it's not on regular desktop, but still, it's not something I want to leave you with. [21:25] Is it happening on mobile?
Chris Clark: [21:27] Yeah, it's like scrunching the video and there's a big white space on the video.
Gavin McNamara: [21:34] Okay. [21:35] So, yeah, let me. [21:37] I think that probably is the biggest. [21:40] It might be the biggest problem right now that I can jump on, but luckily, you know, I'm a. [21:50] I'm a wizard and so be able to get that puppy up and running, you know, within a couple hours, you know, at a bare minimum.
Chris Clark: [21:59] Yeah, no worries. [22:00] That was the. [22:01] That. [22:02] That one and then the product page one were the two responsiveness things that, like, really stood out. [22:09] And then I think, again, I'm gonna say, like, super high level, because I know there's a lot of things to move around, a lot of copy to look over. [22:19] Takes time. [22:19] But the headings, like, the fonts and the weights of the fonts for the headings, for example, on the science page. [22:28] Yep. [22:29] I love how that first one almost looks like an article, like over 75% of adults chronically dehydrated. [22:35] And then you go down to the next heading and it's like, totally different.
Gavin McNamara: [22:40] Yeah. [22:42] Right now.
Chris Clark: [22:44] And if I had to choose one. [22:45] Right. [22:46] You gotta go one way or the other. [22:47] I. [22:48] I like the. [22:49] The first one. [22:50] The over 75% of adults. [22:54] That looks super clean. [22:56] I like the funk below it. [22:57] I like the button below it. [23:02] And then we're talking about dehydration. [23:04] We're talking about hydration. [23:05] And then you have the three bubbles there that are talking about hydration. [23:09] So love that top part. [23:11] And then you go down and you kind of lose that. [23:15] That font consistency, like the headings. [23:17] So just getting, like, across the board. [23:20] And then you go down to why, honey? [23:22] Like, it'd be cool if there was, like, a little bit of, like, a uniformity to those.
Gavin McNamara: [23:25] I agree.
Chris Clark: [23:26] Yeah. [23:27] The font weight under why Honey. [23:29] I know we're going to add more content there, but the font weight should match the ones above it. [23:34] Those paragraph. [23:35] Or like, the body font weight and then the heading font weight. [23:42] Yeah, those were the big things. [23:44] And then I think there's room to this one. [23:47] Not all sweeteners are created equal. [23:50] Again, we can kind of look at the consistency there or whatever that heading looks like there. [23:54] And then the two boxes below it, I feel like, are really bland from.
Gavin McNamara: [23:59] Yeah, I agree. [24:01] I think the background color has a big piece to do with it. [24:05] But also the font size, like you said, is different. [24:08] And like they're the boxes themselves. [24:11] Like rich in antioxidants, natural sweetness, like it's just not. [24:16] It doesn't pop.
Jack Espy: [24:18] Yeah, that was the one, Chris, that I was saying that we need to like kind of make look a little bit sexier. [24:24] Kind of like when you go up to the ones above. [24:27] Oh, and now I'm seeing this gab. [24:29] When you highlight sodium, potassium, magnesium, remember in like highlight sodium and then it'll kind of pop up and say, you know, essential electrolyte replenishes what you sweat out to keep.
Gavin McNamara: [24:42] Oh, yes.
Jack Espy: [24:43] So we'll update that like that kind of thing, Chris, where we highlight, you know, highlight it. [24:48] It says rich in antioxidants. [24:49] And then it, when you scroll over, it says honey is packed with flavonoids, that kind of thing. [24:55] So it kind of creates a little bit of life to it and add a little bit more kind of something going on. [25:00] And then we can do a different back, back image or color to make it pop 100.
Gavin McNamara: [25:07] And also to that. [25:08] Right. [25:09] Like having the. [25:11] The sound like broken record totally told me to stop moving forward. [25:17] But like having the images like on hover, I think it's a really slick way to get more traffic to the site because if you have images, it, you know, couldn't tell you the science behind it. [25:30] But it helps with being able to have you show up and hire in the searches. [25:37] You know, not to derail this completely, but SEO and there's AEO, which is like more of the like ChatGPT version of search, which is fairly new. [25:52] Like those are things that we could totally look into and you know, get that. [25:57] So if as soon as someone types in strive or like keywords or is like hydration, soda or whatever it is. [26:07] Right. [26:08] We can make sure that we do everything we can to have it be first or if not in the top three.
Chris Clark: [26:15] Yeah, sweet. [26:18] Yeah. [26:18] And I'd say with all, with all this stuff, maybe under designing it to start just to get the functionality going. [26:30] Like, I think these bubble colors are going to change. [26:32] Like sodium, potassium. [26:33] I think we copy those from June Shine. [26:35] So I think we could add a little bit of our own style to those. [26:39] But right now focus on just the copy and the functionality of those things and then the weight of the fonts, just making sure like consistency pages. [26:48] It just looks like we have our stuff put together. [26:51] The only thing I'll say about the science page, which kind of goes over to the shop page or the product pages, is I really like, and I don't want to derail everything, but our font that's on the can. [27:05] The nutrition panel font, that one looks really scientific and if there's any way to pull that in to the design without making things illegible, it would really tie like the branding of the, of the product branding, like our packaging design with the website. [27:25] And so like you're. [27:26] I always try to make sure we're using the font family from you know where it says tropical recharge on the can. [27:32] Like where is that website where it has the nutrition panel on the can, where the website. [27:38] And right now the only place is on the product page for the products where we have the screenshot of the panel. [27:46] That's really the only place you get that like sciency typeface that we have. [27:53] Yeah, if there's a way to do that, I would love to fight for that, but absolutely, man.
Gavin McNamara: [27:58] If there's a will, there's a way.
Chris Clark: [28:00] So yeah, so even like that static image of the nutrition facts below Peach perfect. [28:07] For example, if you go down, it has a.
Gavin McNamara: [28:09] Like that could be designed in our font family that could be also take the image too, like verbatim. [28:17] If you, if we want like from like, you know, within the carousel there. [28:21] It's like I think the last image we can have that be what's like on the site and you know, make sure that it's not losing its, its quality as it's getting bigger.
Chris Clark: [28:37] Yeah, we could do that. [28:38] I literally just cut that out of the can artwork to create that image up there. [28:44] But I don't know if there's a way to like this Nutrition facts. [28:51] It like diagram like what, where did.
Gavin McNamara: [28:54] Where was that created the nutrition facts diagram. [29:01] It's like, oh, he's talking about the nutrition. [29:03] Oh yeah. [29:04] So that like particular section. [29:08] So that's all been written with code, so created in Figma and then brought over. [29:16] Written in code and so any like the fonts, dude, like as long as I know what the font number is or like what the style is, definitely get it in there.
Chris Clark: [29:26] Does that bring it over from Figma? [29:28] Does that bring it over in like a web font format or is that bringing it over in like a JPEG or a PNG or what is it bringing it over as?
Gavin McNamara: [29:41] So it's bringing it over as. [29:43] So the font itself is being. [29:45] I have to double check, but I think it's web, webdp or WEBP format, so it should be good there. [29:53] But then also I make sure that anything that comes over at least from Figma directly is SVG specific because.
Chris Clark: [30:05] Is you could go into the code and change carbonated water to something else. [30:10] Yes. [30:11] Okay, so it has to be a web font, I'm guessing.
Gavin McNamara: [30:15] Yeah, web font. [30:16] And also the way it's set up. [30:18] Right. [30:18] So in Figma, it's, you know, it's essentially just drew, like, drew out the design and then has, like, the font families in it. [30:28] And so anything like that can be tweaked.
Chris Clark: [30:32] Okay, cool. [30:34] Well, I think I. [30:36] I'm not sure if I shared with you our font families, but I can do that if you don't have it.
Gavin McNamara: [30:44] But I believe at some point I did get shared some of the font families.
Jack Espy: [30:48] I shared you that deck, Gavin, and that had it.
Gavin McNamara: [30:52] But yes.
Jack Espy: [30:53] Okay. [30:54] Yeah. [30:55] But yeah, I'm thinking for this side.
Chris Clark: [30:58] Let me share my screen real quick. [30:59] Gavin, what's your. [31:00] What's your. [31:00] Oh, you. [31:01] You texted me, right?
Gavin McNamara: [31:02] Yep.
Chris Clark: [31:04] I'm just gonna text you right now. [31:06] Drive Soda toolkit. [31:09] Boom. [31:11] All right, there you go. [31:12] That's our Dropbox folder, a toolkit. [31:14] It has all of our fonts and you can download them and you can check them out.
Gavin McNamara: [31:17] Ut there we go.
Chris Clark: [31:22] That way you just have them. [31:24] I don't know what the closest web font family is. [31:26] We try to put that in the brand book or call it out. [31:29] I'm not sure if it's updated in there right now, but.
Gavin McNamara: [31:32] Brand book. [31:32] Yep.
Chris Clark: [31:34] So under. [31:36] Under brand. [31:37] The brand folder. [31:38] Oh, yeah. [31:39] There'll be fonts. [31:40] Fonts in there. [31:41] You should be able to download the fonts.
Gavin McNamara: [31:43] Perfect. [31:44] Yeah. [31:44] Figma's pretty good at being able to pull over really, any font families. [31:49] And I think there's even extensions to pull over customized one.
Chris Clark: [31:52] So you know what? [31:55] It doesn't have. [31:58] It does not have it in there. [32:00] Yeah, that's. [32:00] That's probably good. [32:01] Let me just send you the fonts right now.
Gavin McNamara: [32:04] Perfect.
Chris Clark: [32:12] Send you stripe fonts. [32:16] Right.
Gavin McNamara: [32:17] Perfect. [32:18] I've just got it.
Chris Clark: [32:21] That Poly Sans Mono is going to be the, like, more typewritery scientific font.
Gavin McNamara: [32:30] Got it. [32:30] So anything that's like below subheader, right? [32:35] Like, I guess like normal text, we can have it be more of that sciency font.
Chris Clark: [32:43] The problem is it's going to get illegibles. [32:45] So, like, it works well on a nutrition panel when you're talking about sciency elements. [32:52] And if it doesn't make sense, doesn't make sense to scrap everything I'm saying, like, if you're working on it, it's like, this is overkill. [32:58] Like, we can do it in a different iteration, but if they're like when you're creating this Nutrition Facts panel. [33:04] If it looks like the nutrition facts. [33:05] Facts on the can, that would be ideal. [33:07] That's just a piece of feedback out of my notes because there's a whole science page now. [33:12] We didn't have science before. [33:13] If we are bringing science in, it could be cool to use that font, but.
Gavin McNamara: [33:18] Absolutely. [33:19] Yeah. [33:19] Let me, let me take a swing, see what we can get.
Chris Clark: [33:25] Cool. [33:25] The other kind of macro thing is I noticed that the buttons are sometimes rounded corners, sometimes square corners.
Gavin McNamara: [33:34] Oh, interesting.
Chris Clark: [33:36] Like on the homepage the Shop flavors has a drop shadow and they're like full on bubble buttons. [33:42] And then like for. [33:44] Yeah. [33:45] Page they're different so like they're bubbles there. [33:50] But then you go to like add to cart. [33:53] We have like more 12 packages. [33:55] It's the route squared off corners. [33:59] So like just bringing a little bit of consistency across would be cool.
Jack Espy: [34:04] I think like the circle corners on everything looks really good in my opinion.
Gavin McNamara: [34:08] Yeah, I totally agree. [34:09] The one thing in regards to like the add to cart and buy with shop, those are already components.
Jack Espy: [34:17] Yeah.
Gavin McNamara: [34:19] I can try to try to see if I can round them out but that might just be the one spot where I might just be blocky just because of how it's, you know, how the component is.
Jack Espy: [34:35] Okay.
Chris Clark: [34:37] Oh yeah, I know. [34:39] You can choose the how bubbly and how squared off they are sometimes.
Gavin McNamara: [34:46] If you look at our.
Chris Clark: [34:48] Sometimes. [34:48] Yeah, yeah. [34:49] Some like for example you have some that are full on rounded like this and then one time purchase in the subscription are a little bit less. [34:59] Yeah. [34:59] And if you look at our nutrition panel or that that photo nutrition, like they're kind of semi in between. [35:07] That can be a brand element that you carry on throughout. [35:11] If you're able to choose that again.
Gavin McNamara: [35:15] Yeah. [35:16] So like everything that is outside of the like where it literally like says like really like the purchasing piece is like you know, customized by. [35:27] By us. [35:28] And so like all that like that like design and the button shadows and you know, the shape, like all those are components that we now have in the library. [35:39] But yeah, if it's possible what I'll do is go into the extension that we have for the purchase type and for the add to cart and buy with shop. [35:53] So I just need to take a look into it and just play around with it. [35:56] Just built a little bit different than more of like a plugin than custom code.
Chris Clark: [36:04] Yeah. [36:04] So if you go to Y2 store. [36:06] Drive. [36:07] There's 100 milligrams sodium, 30 milligrams potassium. [36:11] Those are like semi rounded. [36:15] So you have like a bunch of different things going on. [36:18] You got like full 90 degrees square corners. [36:20] You have full on bubbles and then everything in between. [36:23] So again, just looking at like different elements that are on brand or not on brand, there's a lot, a lot of different things going on which just across the board, like, hurt, hurts, hurt somebody from my perspective, like hurts my eyes to see like, oh, you know the.
Gavin McNamara: [36:42] Oh, 100.
Chris Clark: [36:43] Yeah.
Gavin McNamara: [36:44] So we just have consistency for, for the buttons and the shapes across the entire site. [36:52] The only, the. [36:52] The only thing I was just calling out was the actual, like the actual. [36:58] Yeah, the purchase, like with the add to cart and buy with shop. [37:03] That was the only thing that I need to look into to see if I can change the shape. [37:09] Everything else, we can make it round, we can make it triangles. [37:13] We can put a, you know, a sexy picture of Jack on it. [37:18] No, it's. [37:21] We could do anything we want.
Jack Espy: [37:24] Heck yeah.
Gavin McNamara: [37:26] Sexy big. [37:27] I do agree, Chris. [37:28] It's going through this and I appreciate having you guys look through it. [37:33] Just because I'm. [37:33] When I'm in it, it's so easy to overlook these things. [37:37] And so, yeah, I'll definitely make sure that that's all polished up.
Chris Clark: [37:43] Beautiful. [37:45] Let's see what else I have. [37:50] What did we say about the about page where you. [37:53] Did you have some questions about that? [37:55] Because I, I don't want to nit pick anything there if it's like still under construction.
Gavin McNamara: [38:00] Yeah, this is. [38:01] This one's well under construction. [38:04] The one thing that I did on the about page, which is a little bit different and I wanted to, I guess. [38:11] Oh yeah, I just would like to get, get your guys's feedback in regards to the colors. [38:16] I set up the components to be like more of a checkerboard. [38:20] So it's like the Tiffany blue with an orange and then orange Tiffany blue and like they're like blocked out.
Jack Espy: [38:28] Yeah, I really like that. [38:31] In my opinion, Chris. [38:33] You know what's hilarious? [38:36] I never told Gavin about orange. [38:42] So Gavin, Chris wanted the. [38:45] The. [38:45] We were between this exact orange and this blue as our, as our like color for the brand. [38:53] And we ended up going with the blue. [38:55] But I think it looks really good having the orange be the other color, kind of like the secondary color. [39:02] But we had never even talked about orange at all. [39:06] Which is awesome.
Gavin McNamara: [39:08] Yeah, I honestly, I don't know where I got it from, but I also just thought it looked sick with like the, like the two colors. [39:17] Like the first a primary being the Tiffany blue and the secondary being that orange. [39:24] And what I could do. [39:26] So, you know, I was playing around with on the About Us page a little bit more than all the other pages. [39:32] But like, if we like this checkered view, like, we can add that or adjust that to any page we want. [39:40] That's, I think, more of a secondary thing compared to the other stuff that need to get done. [39:45] But for future reference, we can have. [39:48] We can style it however we'd like.
Chris Clark: [39:53] Sweet. [39:57] Yeah. [39:58] What are we missing from that page? [40:00] Like, as you. [40:01] As you start to like concept out what that page layout with the checkers goes, like, are you missing content already? [40:08] Missing copy? [40:10] What can we get you for that page?
Gavin McNamara: [40:13] So I have, like, I. [40:17] I definitely have a lot of images and things that can be added in. [40:23] If there's any particular ones that you guys want to point out on the About Us page. [40:29] Just if you could send those over, I'll make sure that they're. [40:32] They're put in there. [40:33] And then for like the our story. [40:37] Right. [40:37] Top to bottom. [40:40] And Jack, you've probably sent this to me twice already, but like the strive story, we have that in one of our Google Docs right. [40:49] Where it's kind of goes down.
Jack Espy: [40:50] Like. [40:51] Honestly, Chris, I don't think we do, do we?
Chris Clark: [40:55] No, there's a.
Jack Espy: [40:56] No, there's what. [40:58] What we could do is maybe we could spend some time, you and me, kind of running through it and kind of like what we did with most of the site, just kind of like 100 creating it into the flow state. [41:21] Yeah. [41:21] Maybe we could find some time. [41:22] Like, I know you're busy this week because like, this is the one where I think we can kind of leave it, you know, have it like put the images on there, make it look and then in the back and you and I could be working on it and then update that 100. [41:40] That's also Gab where I see that surf video living kind of like doing like a thing like Nice, you know, born and raised in San Diego and kind of give that vibe and then another video, maybe the one that you and I were talking about live on the main page or have something else on the main page.
Gavin McNamara: [41:59] 100%, dude. [42:02] And tomorrow we have our bi weekly. [42:04] Anyway, if you're still around, we could take that. [42:06] Gonna.
Jack Espy: [42:07] Yeah, yeah, I'll be on the road, so that could be kind of perfect because I'll just be on the phone. [42:13] So we could just kind of, you know, talk it out. [42:15] You could write things down and we could throw it into chat GPT make it sound a little bit nicer than go through edit, you know?
Gavin McNamara: [42:22] Absolutely. [42:23] Do do our flow where it's. [42:24] We'll just go page by page, you know, and make sure that we got. [42:28] Get it nice and spiffy.
Jack Espy: [42:30] Nice and spiffy.
Gavin McNamara: [42:32] Okay.
Jack Espy: [42:34] Sweet.
Chris Clark: [42:37] Yeah, I would. [42:38] If we. [42:41] If we could get some of those headers and some of the. [42:44] The. [42:45] Like, we strive together. [42:47] Things like that, like position the same way like other pages are and even think about, like, if we don't have something to put in one of these spaces, like, let's. [42:57] Let's consolidate. [42:58] Like, let's take it off until it's ready to go on. [43:02] Maybe just so it doesn't look like halfway built.
Gavin McNamara: [43:06] Exactly. [43:06] Right now it looks. [43:07] It looks literally halfway.
Chris Clark: [43:09] So if we're close. [43:10] If we're close, leave it and you guys can crank it out tomorrow. [43:13] But if we're like, hey, let's figure out what this page could be, maybe we just. [43:17] We like, move stuff up and make it tighter. [43:21] A bunch of empty space there. [43:23] And that would. [43:24] That would solve the. [43:24] About us for like a placeholder for now. [43:27] Because I think the most important was the shop pages. [43:28] Like, that's home homepage leads into shop page, but the product pages in the shopping is like number one. [43:35] The thing we will be adding, Gavin, is a store locator. [43:38] So that's going to be like, really, really important. [43:41] And what I.
Gavin McNamara: [43:42] That's gonna be sick.
Chris Clark: [43:43] Like, I don't know if there's a world where we have one tab at the top that's learn or about or something like that. [43:53] That when you go to the page, you choose your journey, whether you want to go to. [43:57] Like.
Jack Espy: [44:00] Well, Chris, what if we did this? [44:01] What if when you hover over about us, Gavin, like how it was last time, it was like, about. [44:08] I can't remember what it was, but if you hover about us, maybe it goes our story. [44:12] Yep, exactly. [44:14] Signed us in store could be like. [44:18] And then you could break down between the two that you want.
Gavin McNamara: [44:21] I also think that, like, having the. [44:23] The find us in a store could be like a very powerful CTA that could be on almost every page.
Jack Espy: [44:31] Yeah, I was gonna say that should definitely live right underneath the product page on the homepage. [44:36] Like the product live right underneath there.
Chris Clark: [44:39] Yeah, Gavin, like looking really far ahead. [44:42] Retail sales should outpace direct to consumer sales, like within the next 12 months. [44:49] Well, it already is, but we should be doing a lot stronger and direct to consumer. [44:53] But in the long run, if we look like three years in the future, retail is going to destroy direct to consumer every day of the week. [45:02] So we will need to prioritize our retail give. [45:06] Retailers the chance to get highlighted. [45:09] So yes, every page and even like the shop page, like if one of the, one of my favorite brands right now is Unwell Hydration. [45:20] Well, and so like when you go to their page to shop, it really just takes you to Target, like their number one reseller, June Shine. [45:29] Same thing. [45:29] Like, they do very little direct to consumer now. [45:31] They just, they take you to their store locator where you can buy it near you. [45:35] So thinking long term. [45:37] Yes. [45:38] Putting that in the header is going to be important. [45:40] Like their store locator is going to be important right now because we're only in San Diego, we can still have a store locator, still highlight that as much as possible. [45:50] But direct to consumer is probably like the main function of the site.
Gavin McNamara: [45:53] So 100%. [45:55] And one of the things that say is like one of my specialties is working specifically on areas like that. [46:03] And so when we, when we get to that, there's. [46:07] There's a lot that we can do.
Chris Clark: [46:09] Totally beautiful. [46:14] Yeah. [46:14] So the, the about us combining, like, I don't know if there's a way to combine like science and our story and like all of it together if they need to be separate or it's a dropdown menu. [46:26] But I think like the store locator, just like hive, just like spirited hive. [46:32] It's at the top.
Gavin McNamara: [46:34] Yep.
Chris Clark: [46:36] It's pretty important. [46:37] So.
Gavin McNamara: [46:39] And the store locator, we want to add that in. [46:43] Like, if we could, we would have added it by, you know, yesterday.
Chris Clark: [46:48] Yeah, I'll have it updated for you by Friday this week.
Gavin McNamara: [46:52] Okay, sweet. [46:54] Awesome. [46:54] And yeah, for this week, you know, I've had to pivot early in the week to focus on a couple like two different deadlines that I have. [47:03] But next week what I can do, what I'll do is open up, you know, the entire week to work on this just because, you know, with the deadline coming up for November 1st and also wanting to get the other pieces done first drive like. [47:20] And also I. [47:21] This is what I want to work on. [47:24] You know, that's. [47:25] I think it's a triple threat. [47:27] So next week's going to be a killer week.
Jack Espy: [47:29] Heck. [47:30] Yeah. [47:30] Yeah. [47:30] And then gab just let me know kind of what you're thinking, just hours wise and all that kind of stuff because we definitely would like to, you know, keep you on, you know, absolutely. [47:40] Doing things for us here and there whenever you can.
Gavin McNamara: [47:43] Yeah. [47:44] 100. [47:44] And like, you know, I think I shot Chris a message. [47:48] And you know, Jack, you and me have talked about this just like our, like, like, mentor, like, things. [47:56] Like, I'm, I'm still, candidly, I'm still so, like, fresh in this business that, like, I'm. [48:03] I'm trying to figure out how to. [48:07] Put like, I don't want to ever throw a number out where it's like, what the h***? [48:13] You know. [48:13] And so I wanted to ask you guys, you know, for the work that's, you know, been done and we don't have to answer this now by any means. [48:23] And then moving forward, like, I want to work with you guys to figure out what's right, the right amount, you know, because at the end of the day, like, this is, you know, I, I love doing this and I'm stoked that we're working together and. [48:40] But yeah, like, it's just owning a business. [48:43] I'm like, it's like the last thing I think about, which is probably not the best thing.
Jack Espy: [48:50] But. [48:50] Yeah, no, we can totally. [48:52] Why don't you and I just. [48:54] Or Chris and I can discuss it and then why don't you and I talk about it tomorrow as well on the call? [48:59] Just kind of like what you're thinking because, you know, obviously we want this to be more, you know, long term so we can talk about it too.
Gavin McNamara: [49:08] I love it.
Chris Clark: [49:10] Yeah. [49:11] Really appreciate working with you, Gavin. [49:12] This is great work so far. [49:14] I feel like we're just getting warmed up, so.
Gavin McNamara: [49:16] Oh, absolutely. [49:17] Just. [49:18] We're just hitting the tip of the iceberg, as they say.
Chris Clark: [49:21] So, yeah, if you, if you get a couple minutes this week to just get a couple of those things formatted, I don't know, time for it. [49:28] But then we can. [49:30] On the next call, maybe next week when you have, when you get to dive into it, we can go more like nitty gritty on content. [49:37] And I, I just got the photo album for the studio photos, so I'll send those over by end of week. [49:44] All the store locator to send over. [49:46] So it'd be some like, really rad stuff to get. [49:48] Get on the site. [49:49] I think you're going to be really psyched, dude.
Gavin McNamara: [49:52] We'll be cruising and yeah, like, for like all like the stuff that's like, like you UI focused, you know, the buttons, the fonts. [50:01] Like, you know, before Friday, I'll have, I'll have those things polished up at least for. [50:07] To send you guys back. [50:08] Like, hey, these things have been updated and take a look and let me know what you think and then we could talk about it for the next meeting.
Chris Clark: [50:15] Cool. [50:16] None of it's like deal breakers. [50:17] It's just like from a design standpoint, just getting things a little more consistent I think is going to feel really good. [50:23] So just something for you to think about as you're building stuff out. [50:26] I know, it's. [50:27] It was a lot to build out, so I get it. [50:30] But if there's a way to tighten it up a bit, I think it's going to feel really.
Jack Espy: [50:33] Yeah, yeah. [50:34] And then. [50:34] Only other thing there too, Gav, is just to make sure the nf, the nfp, is good, but the other nfp, the one that you created, nutritional fact panel, just make sure that we update the total carbs down to 10 on the peach, and then the total sugars to 8 for the peach. [50:57] And then for the tropical, it is 10 and 8 as well. [51:03] Perfect.
Gavin McNamara: [51:04] Yeah, awesome. [51:07] One other. [51:07] One last thing, too, that I think would help moving forward. [51:11] So I got my. [51:13] My Sidekick in here, Motion AI notetaker. [51:17] And what we. [51:18] What I can do is just make sure that we have each time, like, maybe even takes 15 minutes. [51:25] Whatever it is, just run through the list.
Jack Espy: [51:29] Yeah, yeah. [51:31] Because I usually always take notes, so I didn't today, but we got the note taker. [51:39] We got. [51:40] We got motion right here. [51:44] We can just run through it. [51:45] Yeah, that sounds perfect.
Gavin McNamara: [51:46] Awesome.
Jack Espy: [51:48] Beautiful.
Chris Clark: [51:50] Thanks, Gavin. [51:51] Thanks for cutting out some time for us today.
Gavin McNamara: [51:53] Appreciate it, brother. [51:54] Absolutely. [51:55] You guys are the best. [51:56] So, yeah, let's. [51:58] Let's get this looking as sexy as can be.
Jack Espy: [52:02] H*** yeah. [52:03] Only. [52:03] Only caveat, Gav, is, you know, if we ended up, you know, working month to month, you know, you just can't work. [52:11] Can't do any more projects for Joey. [52:13] All right, Joey's done. [52:15] No more projects for Joey.
Gavin McNamara: [52:17] Deal.
Jack Espy: [52:19] So Chris, Gavin and Joey have known each other ever since Joey, my brother in law, have known each other. [52:24] How long have you guys known each other?
Gavin McNamara: [52:26] I've known Joey since I was first grade, so however old I was in first grade to now.
Jack Espy: [52:36] Crazy.
Chris Clark: [52:38] Yeah.
Jack Espy: [52:40] Well, cool. [52:40] Well, I hope you guys have a great rest of your day. [52:43] Chris, you and I can connect. [52:45] I've got a dinner I need to run to here in a second, but I'm around, so if anything pops up, just give me a shout.
Chris Clark: [52:51] Sounds good. [52:53] All righty.